please say hello to the Canadian Tarzan
Dave Salmoni oh look at this right off
the bat with the animals yeah
oh that is a fox this is a grey fox
which makes him unique and amazing why
because they're not the same as the red
foxes that are a little bit more common
these guys are super cool they're found
in California they are and things I
think that's backstage but the thing
that's really cool about these guys is
that they're they live in treats mostly
they do hang in trees they can jump
around like little squirrels up there
are they like in Southern California
like are they in our trees and we don't
just don't know they're they're you know
they're shy they're so you know that
saying sly as a fox so these guys yes
super super spots but they're sly they
can they know where to go where they're
not gonna bother people and they can
live off of almost anything so they are
in places where when you say they can
live off almost anything you mean plants
they're omnivorous yeah so they can eat
some some plant things okay what they
like to eat like road but they love all
right yeah you're right this guy that's
it yeah all right no not at all if you
hold not hold him both yes okay there
you go okay hey well this is bedding so
if I can actually see oh yeah he smells
like hey yeah Pro you know yeah all
right and then while you've got him
there I'd like to show is it comfortable
yeah this is actually him particularly
Alexis I wouldn't say all great books
these are not good pets you don't want
to grab a great Fox and all this because
they are nocturnal cuz they bite because
they're yeah okay so you can see these
are like semi-retractable and this is
what helps them climb alive oh that's
great get it off of me will you okay
thank you all right very good
don't tell me they bite both after I
hold them well I just need to know what
are they gonna get warning yeah well
thanks I get Advil warning before Oh
actually then you won't hold it now is
this woman with you or with the puppies
out okay
like anybody's willing to hold it I'd
like to hand it out okay we gotta spread
the animal love there's many people all
right all right and what do we have here
blender build okay okay all right I'm
not scared of this no here put your hand
out okay see if you'll jump look at my
hand on my arm either way okay he's on
me yeah I want to make him so if he can
see the camera you can you have to be a
pirate you can just kind of know I think
them yeah you're a pro you know the cool
thing hopefully you guys can see the
front of them oh it's talking so these
guys are very vocal they could say hello
pretty girl hi
they talk by which is one of the cool
things these guys can do that mimicry
will to learn different languages and
things hi big guy oh they can yes oh
yeah that's a good this one's been
around the clown it sounds like so
they're sick they're super social
animals in July there is so good at
vocalizing okay now you see the tip of
his beak so it looks really really long
on the top there yeah it's cuz the
slender-billed they actually use that as
a tool they'll dig and they'll find
roots and they'll find seeds you look so
comfortable yeah I feel like I actually
be bronzed in Central Park right now you
might be deaf in one year this is not
bad I'm okay with this I could get used
to that yes I'd like to be scratched a
little bit see how they get the feathers
up there yeah any of the birds like to
be scratched cuz you think that never
probably happens in the wild right maybe
maybe maybe well maybe they'd use their
bacon and scratch each other that way
okay yeah all right all right no I think
we yeah okay now he's getting in my let
me see if I can get him okay well he's
about to fall all right there we go okay
a parade there you go all right Thank
You Ann that was what again how is that
slender-billed pockets is wonderful
oh look at that so now oh my with the
Australian okay that goes for the will
hop around now grab your branch this is
what's gonna like the branch okay I'm
gonna try and grab him note so this is a
wallaby I probably didn't tell you right
off the bat okay
and another Australian so the
slender-billed cockatoo was Australian
and so is this guy now if he's gonna
relax there just try to hand it to him
okay there's the Browse that's it over
yeah sure see if he grabs it alright can
you grab it with his fingers let me see
if I can put it on the ground for okay
grab it down there alright there you go
now we'll talk about these dangerous
they can be dangerous actually this is
interesting you say because most people
don't think so I say it about every one
of the animals you putting out so so
what's interesting if you see those big
toes in the front as eating there yeah
that's his big defense so he uses his
tail as sort of his balance so if
something comes that's gonna threaten
him that he doesn't like a dog or
something like that yeah it's gonna come
back on its tail and use those big toes
and they're very very sharp and they're
SuperDuper strong so if you're getting
threatened by one of these guys know
speaking of threatened on a serious note
these are these fires in Australia have
been devastating to the animals it's the
word wallaby they say over 15 million
acres have been burned already some
numbers say half a billion some say over
a billion animals already lost their
life unbelievable then one of those
devastating things I've ever heard of
for wildlife in my time so we thought it
might be nice to mention that if you
want to help the animals in Australia
you can go to IFAW org and donate and
and help to look at how adorable this
thing actually is you can also text
Australia to 70 70 70 it's a project
that we're doing the work Australia texe
Australia to 70 70 70 I think it's
easier the way I met you you're doing is
awesome tell me again please they go do
I have a W org to donate when we come
back what are we going what are we gonna
bring out here something fun something
something not fun Dave Salmoni is here
we'll be right back
[Applause]
the weekend is on the way and okay so
let's do the ready says yeah yeah I
guess so yeah so comfortable but this is
the worst one you've ever brought this
is it's a there's a box back here and it
says venomous rattlesnake on it all
right sorry
hey there just leave it in the box and
we'll take your word for it and go home
you can we can go right here Jimmy right
here where my though my legs are yeah
let me tell you my favorite things about
a rattlesnake yeah
the obvious thing is its Maddie grass
real mad right now no it's not mad so
it's interesting people always think of
these guys as aggressive right but
really that rattle that you see there is
him being a pacifist he's saying look it
I only really want to bite rats and
bunny rabbits and those types of things
yeah so the rattle is here to say you
probably don't see me but please listen
to me I'm here don't touch me
uh-huh people that get bit by these guys
typically are the ones that will step on
them or something because you can see
here they bring them on a show you can
yeah this guy loves to be here he's mine
he's not happy right now he is mad he's
perfectly happy trust me i unhappy snake
is gonna be darting off gonna be you
know doing nasty things this is just him
being natural I'm not sucking the poison
out it had bites you so the interesting
thing about these guys is that they can
on body right so disease you can see
[Applause]
are you out of your mind
no you see what it just did yeah I made
a move he's okay I'm gonna let you see
his head here and see his route at the
same time that's just him telling ya
this is my space yeah he wants to define
his area that we should so keep your
eyes on hey guys what about me now I
could show you so he showed you his big
strike there we can sort of describe
what that for so what he is he's a
venomous snake he has he mo toxin which
means it'll dissolve some of the tissue
that's not that he bites into yeah he
wants to hide near a game trail where
lasso a rodents gonna come by and then
he's gonna strike out like that now you
want me to show you how he uses those
lovely teeth yeah I guess so little mo
bring it in bring in the balloons you
want to come out no sholdiers birthday
party later all of a sudden so you got a
picture him he's hiding it's nighttime
he's looking for some food he's yeah
he's keying into body heat and then you
go in yeah doesn't mind balloons I guess
I'm gonna get him ready to a little
better body position so he could strike
out he's relaxing okay
okay big guy there we go and that's your
big that was crazy
now just a reminder that that's gonna
have venom on it so don't touch it yeah
don't eat it yeah I see a big go try to
re-enact it Jimmy you know how I always
love to let you take part in animal food
we have are you I do mine come here come
on down here mo you want to do this yeah
come around this way come behind what if
we were to let the hiding loo set up now
you guys stay together mogul right next
to Jimmy yes then you gotta get really
close to me he's keying it on your body
now put it down and he's peeing on my
body heat yeah so let's go here go okay
okay let me just repo they made a move
for you all right all right there you go
there you go sting the balloon okay
don't get closer big guy can we go
commercial oh he missed it's because
he's actually striking for me that's
great Dave go home all right enough Dave
Salmoni everybody Puppy Bowl 16 is on
[Applause]
okay we'll be right back with the
weekend hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box
[Music]